---
permalink: /2020SE/speakers
layout: page
title: Speakers
---
# Talks
<table>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td><b>Security design flaws in Storage by Zapier</b><br><br>In this talk, I go through the vulnerabilities I discovered in a Zapier service called "Storage by Zapier". What were the vulns? How did I find it? How can they be abused? I also demo a PoCs (that won't be released) for C2 through Zapier. Of course, I'll also acknowledge Zapier's response to the vulns.<br><br>I'll present the talk in a "story" style, essentially putting the audience in my shoes.</td>
    <td><b>Alexei Doudkine (@skorov8)</b><br><br>Hacker, tinkerer, car modder, husband and "the dog guy". I've been doing various security things for 10+ years. My first experience with hacking was at about 6 years old when my dad taught me to use Game Wizard to hack the memory of old games. Now I'm Co-Founder and Offensive Director of Volkis, a Sydney-based infosec firm.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><b>MageCart - modern web attacks for fun and profit</b><br><br>Magecart has been in the news many times due to high profile breaches such as when 100s of Australian website were found to have malware on them and when BA was fined for over $200m.<br><br>But not many people know what it is, and so I will present what we do know about Magecart, with a high-level overview and deep technical dives. <br><br>Also, does being PCI Compliant make you safe? You may be surprised at the answer. </td>
    <td><b>Allen Baranov (@abaranov)</b><br><br>Allen is a Senior GRC Consultant at CyberCX and a PCI certified QSA. He is the founder of DefConGroup Melbourne (DCG11613). Allen has over 20 years of experience in InfoSec including technical and GRC. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><b>Securing mobile apps using Google Firebase</b><br><br>Google firebase is a NoSQL database and mobile / web backend framework. Care must be taken to properly configure permissions - if the defaults are left unmodified your mobile will be vulnerable to data theft or modification. I will demonstrate how to secure your firebase application with a simple demonstration application</td>
    <td><b>Andrew McDonnell (@pastcompute)</b><br><br>Security focused computer systems engineer, maker &amp; hacker, past efforts include Sentrifarm ( https://hackaday.io/project/4758-sentrifarm ), Reverse Engineering Embedded Systems with Radare2 ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R3sGlzXfEkU ) and Platfarm ( https://www.platfarm.com )</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><b>What We Do in the Shadows</b><br><br>We've all done it. Setting up a Slack to chat to our colleagues when the proper system doesn't cut it. Forwarding a document from work to our personal email address so we can read it on the device we want to. Building out experimental services on our personal AWS accounts because we couldn't get the permissions we needed on the company's systems.<br><br>Every organisation's infrastructure has its shadow, the unofficial system of servers, accounts, and hardware that crisscrosses and bypasses the sanctioned pathways. It is every security department's nightmare and every development team's open secret. From the newest graduate to the CEO, we all know at least some of these shortcuts.<br><br>This talk is a space for both confession and redemption: in it, we will delve into the psychology that leads to the development of shadow IT, the opportunities that can grow out of this corporate underground, and how to get these systems out of the shadows and into the light. Developers and security professionals alike will emerge from this talk with the tools they need to build the systems they actually want.</td>
    <td><b>attacus (@attacus_au)</b><br><br>attacus was born 1757 during a full moon. During a long and eventful career, she accidentally became Pope, invented the tricycle, and wrote copy for fortune cookies. She is currently an internet gremlin and in her spare time enjoys licking poisonous wallpaper and patting dogs.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><b>Practical OSINT’ing... while Mountain Biking</b><br><br>OSINT is any sort of intelligence gained through any publicly available source. We’ll be going through practical tools and techniques that anyone can use that highlight how easily this intelligence can be gained... while mountain biking. </td>
    <td><b>Benzies (@Benzies)</b><br><br>Currently a Security Engineer at TSS, but has been focused in the Security Engineering space for the last 7 years, working in large enterprise environments, consulting for local businesses, and now supporting managed security services for various customers.&nbsp;&nbsp;In my personal time I enjoying doing CTF’s, such as OSINT, and live stream mountain biking. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><b>Guardians of the cloud: the sysadmin’s guide to cloud security</b><br><br>Organisations are rapidly moving applications to the cloud to support remote work in the COVID-19 era, leaving sysadmins and security teams to secure a sprawling mass of cloud-based infrastructure. It's easy to "lift and shift" on-premises administrative practices to cloud environments. However, cloud systems are prime targets for attackers and require a new approach to administration. So what is the most secure way to manage your Tier 1 servers running in AWS, application development in GitHub and business collaboration in Slack?<br>In her talk, Bronwyn will compare the threat models of cloud and on-premises systems. We will review some well known cloud breaches and Bronwyn will share real-life lessons learned from working on cloud migrations. Lastly, Bronwyn will help you to put theory into practice by providing some best practices to keep your cloud applications and infrastructure secure.</td>
    <td><b>Bronwyn Mercer (@bron_mercer)</b><br><br>Bronwyn is a cybersecurity consultant working for Microsoft in Sydney, Australia. She has worked in a range of IT roles, from system administration, to incident response and security architecture. Bronwyn is passionate about designing pragmatic solutions which make the secure way the easy way for users and admins. In her spare time, Bronwyn loves exploring new technologies and sharing her knowledge with others. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><b>DownUnderCTF: Australia's Largest CTF in a Nutshell</b><br><br>The story of how a group of individuals from 13 cyber security societies across Australia came together to manage to create Australia's largest CTF. We will detail our motives behind the event, through a behind the scenes look into the decisions and issues we encountered along the way. Additionally, we will take a deep dive into our infrastructure and challenge design.</td>
    <td><b>DownUnderCTF (@DownUnderCTF)</b><br><br>DownUnderCTF is a worldwide Capture The Flag (CTF) competition aimed at Australian High School and Teritary Students. Its main goal is to try to up-skill the next-generation of potential Cyber Security Professionals, as well as increase the size of the CTF community here in Australia. This event is a cross collaboration between 13 different Cyber Security Societies around the country trying to make a difference in the Cyber Security community by providing a national cyber security competition within Australia.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><b>So you've decided to go out on your own... how to setup for business or subcontracting</b><br><br>Australia has an awesome talent pool of cybersecurity professionals &amp; human beings that unfortunately is under the yoke of large businesses that will subjugate awesomeness for mediocrity. I'm personally on a mission to employ said individuals and if I cant, at least help them get out on their own. <br><br>This talk will cover:<br>1) a professionals lifecycle<br>2) A market analysis<br>3) most of the things you need to think about before going out on your own<br>4) Considerations for subcontracting or running a business<br><br>If I get time between now and comfycon, I plan to have a wire frame of at least a document and a todo list for the newly emancipated.</td>
    <td><b>Edward Farrell</b><br><br>Edward Farrell</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><b>It Starts with a Question - Inquiry for Cyber Security</b><br><br>As a cyber security hiring manager, I see one of the key differences between people who are successful and those who struggle is the ability to navigate uncertainty. As new threats and novel attacks continue to challenge the industry, the ability to move forward with limited information is a professional game changer. People who aren't afraid to ask questions and have a framework for seeking answers have a clear advantage when responding to security incidents. This talk examines models of inquiry over history, from Socratic Dialogue to Scientific Method, using defence team examples.</td>
    <td><b>Garth Schwer (@g1schwer)</b><br><br>Garth Schwer is the Asia Pacific SOC Manager for Rapid7 and has over 10 years experience in IT and Information Security. Prior to his tech career he was a professional firefighter and volunteer surf life saver in Sydney, Australia. For the last 25 years Garth has studied a variety of contemplative traditions and philosophy, including Tibetan Buddhism, Taoism and Indian tantra. He has a strong interest in how these practices can be adapted to modern working environments without losing their traditional essence.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><b>Teach IT user’s not to get phished: Play the game, get the knowledge and confidence to handle phishing emails/websites</b><br><br>Phishing attacks are prevalent and humans are central to this online identity theft attack, which aims to steal victims’ sensitive and personal information such as username, password, and online banking details. Computer users or humans are more prone to this kind of cyber-attack and are the weakest link in the security chain. The scammer takes this advantage to target its victim for their gain. Therefore, it is important to educate them to detect and avoid phishing attacks. It is also necessary to be confident and knowledgeable while taking trustworthy security decisions to avoid phishing attacks. Therefore, the work reported in my Master’s thesis focuses on phishing attacks and how to teach and educate people to avoid phishing attacks by enhancing their knowledge and confidence. This research also focuses on game-based learning, which demonstrates how factors that help to increase IT users’ self-efficacy can be incorporated into an anti-phishing gaming tool for educating people about anti-phishing techniques.<br><br>“Anti-phishing Education” is a method that helps to give education about phishing as well as anti-phishing. Web-based training, interactive game-based training, contextual training or spear-phishing experiments, embedded training (i.e. through machine and software that people normally use), and non-embedded training are some of the anti-phishing awareness methods used by researchers to build and enhance user’s knowledge about cyber threats. <br><br>All of the techniques to educate IT user’s, tried to strengthen user’s knowledge about how to better identify and differentiate between legitimate and phishing URLs/Emails. However, there are some limitations and challenges associated with the success of educating people about phishing and anti-phishing learning. Most people are not motivated to learn and utilise security education; for some people, security is not a primary task; it is also very difficult to educate people not to misinterpret a non-phishing threat as a phishing threat. In addition, people are not motivated to pay attention to training materials. This is because IT users are ignoring security educational material and also the fact that security is very necessary to be safe in cyber-space.<br><br>There is a strong co-relationship between the user’s knowledge and their self-efficacy (confidence). Users with more knowledge of phishing attacks are the ones who are more confident in thwarting phishing attacks.&nbsp;&nbsp;Therefore, the research I proposed incorporates the user’s confidence into a game-based learning tool, which will create and enhance user awareness through their phishing threat avoidance behaviour through their motivation. The proposed research will help users to build their confidence in a knowledge-based way so that the occurrence of such phishing attacks can be minimised or prevented. <br><br>This talk will discuss how IT users can educate themselves in learning different kinds of phishing detection and identification knowledge to buildup their confidence level while playing a game-based anti-phishing learning tool. It will be fun to play, enjoyable, convenient, enhance people’s creativity and keep them engaged. Overall, this game-based anti-phishing learning tool will make them understand different kinds of phishing techniques and how to recognise and be protected in the cyber-space. It will simply give awareness in an interactive way differently than the reading materials!<br></td>
    <td>Gitanjali (@BaralGitanjali)<br><br>Gitanjali is a highly motivated and skilled Computer Science Engineer with postgraduate qualifications in Cyber Security with a mix of research experience in Cyber Security and development experience in the software industry. Gitanjali has a strong interest and extensive hands on research and development experience in Cyber Security Usable Security and Privacy.<br><br>Recently, Gitanjali Submitted her thesis towards her master’s by research degree from UNSW Canberra in the area of usable security and privacy. For her Master’s research, Gitanjali developed a theoretical framework to find the mechanism that links IT users anti-phishing knowledge with their confidence. She incorporated her proven hypothesis into a game based anti phishing learning tool that will enhance IT user's self efficacy in phishing threat avoidance behavior. <br><br>Gitanjali published her research in an International Conference in Cyber Security and Communication Systems, ICCSCS 2019. Gitanjali holds a Bachelor of Technology degree in Computer science and Engineering.<br>In addition, Gitanjali also have industry experience having worked on certain projects as a software engineer.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><b>Threat hunting for dummies</b><br><br>Hilt gives an introduction to threat hunting and how resource constrained organizations can boot strap a threat hunting program using open source tools.</td>
    <td><b>hilt86 (@threatbear_co)</b><br><br>Hilt is a follower of Christ and Cybersecurity engineer for a not for profit organization part time and consultant the rest of the time. He loves spending time with his wife and kids and that usually entails drinking coffee, playing in the workshop and riding his bike.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><b>The Paradox at the Heart of Cloud Native Security</b><br><br>In a world where deploying new features to production multiple times a day, is ever more reality than myth, traditional enterprise security and compliance teams are scrambling to cope with the pace of change, the historial walls of the often cited "Church of No" are crumbling around them.<br><br>Security and compliance can often be the laggards of IT when it comes to the Cloud. As engineering moves to agile and lean methods of delivery, one by one the gatekeeping functions of security, change advisory boards, and procurement become the bottleneck on the journey to business agility. <br><br>This is a story of how the need for speed that is creating such friction between engineering and security can prove to be it's salvation, how the cultural transformation underlying DevSecOps can be truly achieved, and how those teams that are constantly pushing the boundaries are actually security's greatest allies.</td>
    <td><b>Josh Armitage (@josharmi)</b><br><br>Having worked on everything from mainframes to machine learning Josh has had a wide breadth of experiences both good and bad. Now plying his trade as a consultant at Contino he works with enterprises trying to make the world a happier more productive place.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><b>Digital Forensics for Compressed Files</b><br><br>How and when timestamps change on a Windows system are well documented, but what happens to timestamps when threat actors ZIP/RAR/CAB up all the data they have collected in your network and exfiltrate it?<br><br>Being able to accurately determine the original timestamps of the contents within a compressed file could determine when the data was stolen and what else the threat actor was doing in your network at the same time.<br><br>Josh will walk you through new research that looks at what forensic artefacts you can extract from a compressed file, what timestamps are useful and reliable, along with what tools will provide you with the answers you need to analyse compressed file forensically.</td>
    <td><b>Josh Lemon (@joshlemon)</b><br><br>Josh Lemon is a Managing Director at Ankura, leading their Digital Forensics and Incident Response practice in Australia where he assists government and commercial clients with sophisticated compromises, maturing their cyber defence and response programs, and threat hunting for malicious adversaries. He is also a Certified Instructor for the SANS Institute where he teaches the "Advanced Incident Response and Threat Hunting" (FOR508) and the "Advanced Network Forensics" (FOR572) courses.<br><br>Josh has over a decade of experience in the incident response and digital forensic industry, he previously worked as a Director at Salesforce.com in their international Salesforce Security Response Centre (SSRC), where he headed up the team responsible for looking at new cutting edge ways to approach incident response at scale. He has also held the role of CSIRT Manager for the Commonwealth Bank of Australia, and as a Managing Consult for BAE Systems Applied Intelligence where he was responsible for all technical cybersecurity services for the Asia Pacific region, including, overseeing large and complex incident response and offensive security engagements.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><b>Peer Review: Bitter wisdom is better than sweet folly</b><br><br>Introduction<br>-What is Peer Review?<br>-Why do we do it? <br>-Is it worth it? <br>Nobody should question my Art<br>-For real, my first drafts should be hung in the Protrait Gallery<br>-If my clients don’t understand then that is their problem<br>-It seems like unnecessary work<br>-Ok fine I can sometimes benefit from a second set of eyes.<br>There are different kinds?<br>-Technical Review<br>-Executive Review<br>-Bloggs Review<br>-Teaching Review<br>This sounds time consuming<br>-How long should it take? <br>-How does that time get spent?<br>What should I be looking at?<br>-Reading levels<br>-Argument mapping<br>-Executive Summaries<br>-Assumptions<br>-Scope of paper inclusions/exclusions<br>-Areas for further investigation<br>Who benefits?<br>-Value to the assessor<br>-Value to Juniors reviewing Senior work<br>-Letting others review your papers is a kind of training opportunity<br>-Exposure to types of work that you are interested in<br>Minimum Viable Review<br>-Introduce the 5 point quick review.<br>-Link to handout</td>
    <td><b>Kirk Nicholls (@goatindex)</b><br><br>Kirk is a Senior Security Consultant, trying his best to balance professionalism with absurd ideas and intrusive thoughts. Current projects in this model include security improv theatre and risk assessment haikus. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><b>Let's talk CFPs - Stop putting off that conference submission</b><br><br>So your favourite InfoSecurity conference has just published its Call for Paper (CFP) dates! Your friends and family are encouraging you to apply, but that little voice inside you is telling you all the reasons you shouldn't. Don't listen to that voice! Give yourself an opportunity to share your experience, knowledge and expertise with others.<br><br>In this talk I will be discussing the mystery of the CFP and what it should look like. From developing your ideas, thoughts, structure and how to lay it out. What the difference is between submitting to an industry conference vs a community conference, novel vs new speaker talk. Every conference works a little differently, so knowing the conference and your audience will assist in your submission.<br>Everyone has something worthy to talk about. <br><br>Everyone has experience and expertise, so join me as maybe its your time to put yourself forward and submit.</td>
    <td><b>Lidia (@pink_tangent)</b><br><br>Lidia Giuliano has over 15 years' experience in Information Security. Her interests include everything from defensive security, cloud architecture and security, to malware prevention and detection techniques. She has spoken at numerous international and local Australia/NZ conferences. She is extremely passionate about growing the information security by mentoring others and is one of the organisers of BSides Melbourne</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><b>Report Ranger: Pentesting reports with markdown and automation</b><br><br>We're releasing a new tool for building penetration testing reports called Report Ranger. Using RR you can put vulnerability writeups in your report using Markdown and templating, and it will do all the risk assessments, metadata, sorting, and formatting for you. Meanwhile you can plug information from tools straight into your reports without much fuss and start to automate as much as possible, getting all the rubbish out of the way.</td>
    <td><b>Matt Strahan (@matt_strahan)</b><br><br>After a bit over a decade building penetration testing teams and working as a cyber security consultant, Matt Strahan cofounded Volkis with Skorov.<br><br>Despite going to lots of conferences and working in pentesting for so long, Matt hasn't yet presented at a major security conference so this will be a bit new.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><b>Taming the Velociraptor: who needs EDR anyway?</b><br><br>This talk will look at some key capability I have learnt using Velociraptor in field, fighting evil over the last year and a bit. I will cover my background using the platform, key concepts then show capability that levels up above current EDR tools.<br><br>General layout will consist of:<br><br>Intro / background.<br>Key terms<br>Hunting TemplateInjection macro's with yara<br>Bulk indicator and quickfire triage<br>Hunting VSS<br>Kerberos Tickets and Powershell <br>Wrapup and Platform gaps</td>
    <td><b>MattG (@mgreen27)</b><br><br>Matt is a Principal Investigator in the CyberCX Digital Forensics and Incident Response team. Matt has more than a decade in the Information Security Industry with a current focus in Incident Detection &amp; Response; including Adversarial Tactics, Techniques, and Common Knowledge. Having worked in a variety of roles including consulting, enduser and vendor side Matt has a deep knowledge of DFIR/threat intelligence technologies and workflow.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><b>Unknown Security Wounds</b><br><br>Application security for organisations within Australia have been forgotten and more focus is put on infrastructure, network and device security. We have seen so many database breaches of Personal Identification Data, almost everyday we hear a database breach in news. This shows that organisations are not putting more focus on secure application design, configuration and application.<br>The talk will run through few critical application vulnerabilities/security mis-configurations of web applications I discovered while doing security research, that exposed critical customer and user databases. The talk will share some experiences of working with the team to solve the issues, constrains and challenges we face to solve such security vulnerabilities. </td>
    <td><b>Paresh Kerai (@mamboz01)</b><br><br>Paresh Kerai is currently a Technical Manager part of the Sapien team, managing the technical aspect of the technology and infrastructure.<br><br>He is also a security researcher specialising in cyber security for control systems and network infrastructure, as well as computer forensics. Paresh has over 10 years of computer and networks security and industrial control system experience, where he has consulted to various organisations, both in the private and government sector. Paresh has a Bachelor of Computer and Network Security with First Class Honours and holds various computer security industry certifications. He is passionate about threat intelligence, threat hunting computer and network forensics, wireless security, IoT devices, penetration testing and operation technology security.<br><br>Paresh is a strong information technology professional with currently pursuing Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) focused in Industrial Control Systems and SCADA Security from Edith Cowan University.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><b>Function Similarity Using Machine Learning</b><br><br>I will give an overview of the research in a recent paper where I have been using machine learning to predict function similarity in different malware families.</td>
    <td><b>Paul Black (@C0deMunky)</b><br><br>Paul Black has just about finished a PhD in Information Security at the Internet Commerce Security Lab (ICSL) at Federation University. It's good to be finished.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><b>The blunt advice about getting a job in cybersecurity</b><br><br>Cybersecurity is a well sought-after industry. So, you studied hard at University, maybe you want to transition from that accounting disciple, or perhaps you just watched Mr. Robot one too many times. You've asked for advice countless times, but continue to be told the same story. Sound familiar? In this presentation I’ll discuss the advice everyone is afraid to talk about including:<br><br>-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Determining if you’re really going into the right industry<br>-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The reality about being a junior in the industry<br>-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Going beyond the technical jargon<br>-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The attitude and mindset towards effectively building rapport and relationships<br>-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The commitments and sacrifices you have to make towards the cybersecurity career path<br><br>Participants will feel the same rush of inspiration after watching this presentation like they do from a TED talk at 2AM in bed. Participants will be ready to tackle the world after receiving hard-hitting and effective advice that is rarely voiced.<br></td>
    <td><b>Rami Tawil (@drunkrhin0)</b><br><br>Rami is cybersecurity analyst of 2 years... He enjoys breaking too many cloud instances and currently focuses on IAM, cloud computing and Active Directory. A primary role of his job includes leading the Work Integrated Learning program mentoring students and helping them gain real world experience. He is a previous speaker at BSides Melbourne and can show you how his dog got more dates on Tinder than him 🙄</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><b>Mental Health in InfoSec - We Need To Talk</b><br><br>** This might be a good presentation to set the context and complement @Gyled's Mental Health Threat Modelling talk **<br><br>The Consulting, Digital, Information and Technology industries traditionally have attracted a certain “type” of person. Detail-oriented, technically very literate, perfectionist, with stereotypical character traits that give us (un)flattering labels such as nerds and geeks and the reputation of not being “people” people. However, all of us are people. And people go through ups and downs in their lives, and suffer poor mental health. Its normal – anxiety, depression, bipolar disorder, right up to more serious areas of severe mental illness such as psychosis, substance addiction,<br>attempted and actual suicide.<br><br>Just like physical health, poor mental health is a disabling condition that affects our own quality of life, as well as of those around us. Men tend to suffer at younger ages, self-medicate with alcohol and drugs and cause themselves permanent disability or death. However further research in this area seems to indicate this affects Women a lot more from the early 40s … and the suffering is longer right through to the end of natural life. Women don’t appear to take the easy way out so suffer long-term with this.<br><br>We need to have a conversation within the Information Security Industry of how we can identify, support and help each other through these ups and downs; but also identify what we can practically do to support each other at the community level.</td>
    <td><b>Simon Harvey (@pingudownunder)</b><br><br>Simon is an Enterprise Security Architect/Consultant, with over 20 years of varied consulting experience across Europe, Asia-Pacific and Australia. Now a Queenslander first and an Australian second, he has settled in Brisbane even though he still considers himself French and Irish and, on rare occasions, will admit to being a Yorkshireman.<br>Over the past few years, he has also developed a keen interest in Mental Health in the workplace and is a current Mental Health First Aider. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><b>Red-Teaming cognitive principles for understanding complexity.</b><br><br>Red-teaming has been used since the cold war to help decision makers overcome their own cognitive biases flawed group dynamics and arrive at more thorough judgments about the future. This concept and the 5 key methods i will present has wide application for business risk, iso 31000 compliance, and cyber and infosec risk domains. Discussion will draw upon my CISM roles and have some key immediate takeaways for practitioners sys, admin. CISO and C-suite.</td>
    <td><b>Simon Koch</b><br><br>Australian Defence Force Red-teaming practitioner and information security practitioner. Masters in cyber student UTS</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><b>How to run an Incident - An intro to AIIMS and emergency management</b><br><br>AIIMS stands for the Australasian Inter-Incident Management System. This is a highly scalable way to respond to and manage an incident. Used by emergency services across Australia. What can we in cyber security learn from this and how can we use it to better run our own C Y B E R incidents.<br><br>Will consist of:<br>1. whoami<br>2. what is the NSW SES<br>3. why you want to run an incident well<br>4.&nbsp;&nbsp;AIIMS<br>5. ????<br>6. profit</td>
    <td><b>Tim Bishop</b><br><br>Tim is SOC analyst for a large MSP SOC with a background in Pentesting. Tim has spent his free time for the last 6 years mainly getting wet with the NSW State Emergency Service as they respond to the best mother nature can throw at us, but on paper he is a Senior Operator specializing in Swift Water rescue</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><b>Planning Your Active Defence with MITRE Shield</b><br><br>MITRE Shield (https://shield.mitre.org/) is a recently published active defence knowledge base MITRE developed to capture and organise active defence techniques and adversary engagement.&nbsp;&nbsp;This talk will:<br>- Introduce active defence and how it relates to the MITRE ATT&amp;CK framework<br>- Walk the audience through steps to analyze defence gaps against the ATT&amp;CK techniques and identify active defence mitigations<br>- Discuss how to deploy and operate active defence</td>
    <td><b>Vlado Vajdic (@vvlado)</b><br><br>I am a security solution engineer and a consultant.&nbsp;&nbsp;I’ve been designing security solutions in Australia/NZ and Asia. My experience includes incident detection and response,&nbsp;&nbsp;endpoint security, security event management, cloud security and user authentication.&nbsp;&nbsp; <br></td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>

# Workshops
<table>
    <tr>
        <th>Workshop</th>
        <th>Speaker(s)</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><b>Guide to writing IR Playbooks</b><br/><br/> Incident Response playbooks are either written too vague or too detailed. One size doesn't fit all and borrowing playbooks from industry peers won't work for your out-of-box. Every organization is unique in terms of the technology stack, skilled manpower, and team structure.<br/><br/> This workshop is aimed at equipping the participants with the analytical skill to produce playbooks for operations of any scale and complexity.<br/><br/> Interactive Exercise: We will start with a tabletop exercise, use ComfyCon discord for brainstorming response actions, and build a playbook from scratch. This activity is aimed at instilling the analytical workflow which the participants can take away and use the next day at job.</td>
        <td><b>Mustafa Qasim (@mustafaqasim)</b><br/><br/>Mustafa started in IT industry 15 years ago and been working in DFIR space since 2013. He worked as Network Engineer and Unix Sysadmin before pivoting into Incident Response and Digital Forensics. He has built a Managed Security Services division from ground up, orchestrating professional services including Security Operations Center, Incident Response, Penetration Testing, and Incident Readiness. He is passionate about teaching and loves to make analogies that help explain&nbsp; technical concepts in plain English.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><b>Build-a-bot - Creating a bot to beat a WAF and SOC.</b><br/><br/>In this workshop we'll dig into the process of creating a HTTP Bot from scratch, designed to bypass the most finely tuned WAFs and subvert WAF alert triaging to go unnoticed. In this session you'll have the opportunity to implement your own location aware proxy service for your bot to hook into, dynamic HTTP header generation to avoid ever sending the same request twice, mimicking legitimate human traffic and creating a smokescreen to divert the attention of the SOC.<br/><br/>This workshop will require access to a code editor, have a fair understanding of JavaScript in the context of NodeJS, and the ability to install NodeJS.</td>
        <td><b>Sam Crowther (@infosecsam)</b><br/><br/>I'm an entrepreneur with a passion for cybersecurity. I got my start in the security industry as a high school student when I had the opportunity to work with the team at the Australian Signals Directorate (ASD). From there, I moved to a red team role at a global investment bank, an experience that inspired me to start my own company. I love creating simple technical solutions to complex problems and am motivated by challenging preconceived ideas.<br /><br/>
            <b> Liam Robinson</b><br/><br />Liam Robinson is the Head of Research and Development at Kasada, primarily focusing on designing the future state of Kasada's detection platform, identifying & researching new detection techniques and strategies. He also plays an important role within the security engineering and threat system teams, assisting with the ever evolving bot identification and mitigation TTPs.<br /><br/>
Combining a strong technical background in solution architecture with a propensity for "breaking stuff" and reverse engineering; Liam thrives on the opportunity to envisage creative methods to achieving his goals. Liam's obsession for automation and all things bot related started at the age of 14, writing his own custom scripts to grind all the boring stuff on MMORPGs while he was at school. It didn't take long until he realised you could automate a lot of the boring stuff in life online as well.
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><b>Learn how Networks work with WireShark.</b><br/><br/>A 100 level workshop to demonstrate how devices communicate over network interfaces, typically using Ethernet and TCP/IP.<br/><br/>Demonstrating how you can view contents of cleartext packets, how encryption affects network transmission, how you can view the full communication of a network transmission and more.<br/><br/>Learn how to install and configure WireShark on your own workstation.<br/><br/>Learn some really simple tricks you can use in pcap analysis tasks in Capture the Flag events.</td>
        <td><b>George (@georgecoldham)</b><br/><br/>George loves sharing what he knows in the hope that it helps others grow and improve. His career spans both education and technology and now works as a consultant at Empired.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><b>Mental Health Threat Modeling</b><br/><br/>In the field of cyber security, we talk about threat modeling as a process of how we can design systems to become more secure by looking at potential threats. The phrase has also been used in the context of personal threat modeling in terms of how we can practice having better opsec to protect our physical security. But we haven&rsquo;t really talked about how we can use threat modeling to help safeguard our mental wellbeing. This talk will cover how we can use safety plans from the realm of mental health practices to create our own mental health threat models. Participants will be given time to think about their potential risk factors. At the end of the talk, the speaker hopes that the participants walk away with a draft of their own mental health threat models.</td>
        <td><b>Gyle (@GyledC)</b><br/><br/>Before switching to the tech field, Gyle trained as a psychologist. While in the university, she used to joke that there seems to be an invisible blinking signboard above her head that says &ldquo;All ye needing solace and comfort, talk to me.&rdquo; This persisted when she got into the interwebs via her trusty 56k US Robotics modem, where she used to hang out in IRC chat rooms. Currently, aside from finding bad stuff as a Cyber Threat Analyst, she volunteers for various causes. She&rsquo;s also an accredited Mental Health First Aider and if it wasn&rsquo;t for the pandemic, she would go for the instructor course to help train more people. So getting selected to do this talk is her way of reaching out to others who maybe struggling.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><b>Real-World Cryptography</b><br/><br/>Have you ever wondered how all the cryptographic magic we use every day works? Then this workshop is for you!<br/><br/>Aimed for people with little prior knowledge, Eleanor will discuss the theory behind some of the most widely-used cryptographic tools today, including AES, ECDH, ECDSA, and message authentication codes. They will then give you the opportunity to use these tools to solve some workshop problems in Java or Python, giving you some hands-on experience to relate the theory to practice. Eleanor will be at hand to guide you through anything you get stuck on.</td>
        <td><b>Eleanor (@noneuclideangrl)</b><br/><br/>Eleanor is a Master's student at the University of Melbourne researching applied cryptography. They are interested in almost everything, but especially security &amp; privacy, and the methods to achieve them in real-world scenarios. They like cats, tea, karate, and role-playing.</td>
    </tr>
</table>
