---
permalink: /2022/speakers
layout: pages
title: Speakers
---
<h1>{{page.title}}</h1>

<head>
<style>
th, td, tr {
    border-collapse: collapse;
    vertical-align:top;
    border-bottom: 2px dotted #ddd;
    padding: 15px
}
</style>
</head>

## Keynotes
TBA

## Talks
<table><tbody>
<th><h3>Topic</h3></th><th><h3>Speaker</h3>

<tr>
<td><h4><b>Deus Ex Promised Me Cool Augments, and All I Got Was Dystopia: When Do I Get My Robot Legs, and Will They Get Hacked?</b></h4><br>How do we attach augments? What body systems will they replace and enhance? What are the current technical challenges involved in augmentation? Much of the current news and talk around augmentation feels like elaborate marketing. This talk will aim to give a snapshot of the current state of augmentation technology, exploring some of the emerging types of augments, how they work, and what still needs to be solved before you can get one.</td>
<td><h4><b><a href='https://twitter.com/thembo_sec'>Alex Bek</b> - <i>They/Them</i></a></h4><br/>Alex is a biomedical engineer, currently working on the cybersecurity of the medical device. They have a background across many aspects of the healthcare system, and the devices and implants that enable us to live happy and healthy lives. They have a keen interest in how health security intersects with economic, social, and systemic factors when working to deliver the best possible outcomes for patients.</td></tr>

<tr><td><h4><b>Beg Bounty Hall of (F|Sh)ame</b></h4><br>A sneak peak into the best (or worst) no-impact submissions we've received through our bug bounty program. What is "bed bounty", why is it a growing problem, and what can we do to fix it? </td>
<td><h4><b><a href='https://twitter.com/skorov8'>Alexei Doudkine</b> - <i>He/Him</i> </a></h4><br/>I like hacking things and building things. My projects include helping people get into infosec and keeping hacker culture alive. I own and love my husky! 🐺

Oh and in my spare time I help run Volkis.</td></tr><tr><td><h4><b>A Deep Dive into Winning Infosec Using Stickiness and Oiliness</b></h4><br>Last year at the AISA conference, I presented on 8 essential ways of doing infosec - what I called the "More-Essential Essential-8". In the talk, I noted that each of the "ways" could use more detail and this talk is a deeper dive into the one I called "Oiliness and Stickiness".
I believe that by organisations embracing the concepts of oiliness and stickiness, they can leverage corporate culture to increase the effectiveness of the information security department beyond what the department can achieve on its own. 
I will present some practical examples that I have seen and how these have helped. 
I will also give some first steps that can be taken immediately in order to get started with embedding this culture into your organisation. </td><td><h4><b><a href='https://twitter.com/abaranov'>Allen Baranov</b> - <i>He/Him</i> </a></h4><br/>Born in Africa and now stranded on a desert island (Australia, mate), Allen is the worlds only AAA-rated GRC Hacker. Coming from a technical background (networking, linux, firewalls), Allen is now a Manager-level GRC Consultant, working at CyberCX and advising clients on the details of risk and compliance but also the larger picture of how to build a successful infosec/cyber security program. 
Allen has presented at DEF CON Blue Team Village, DEF CON Security Leaders Village, PCI and AISA but the most exciting talks are the ones he has presented for ComfyCon. </td></tr><tr><td><h4><b>DMARC for beginners (or, deflecting bounty begging)</b></h4><br>Email still runs on SMTP, which must be close to one of the oldest application protocols still in common use. Security was not a high priority design factor. Which can make it easy to spoof. Fortunately this can be mitigated with a few tweaks of your email provider settings (some even set it already for you; others just have wizards that suggest you fix it!)
However, effectively configuring these features, known as SPF, DKIM, and DMARC, can often be overlooked in the presence of higher priorities, and coupled with wonderful free online reporting tools anyone can click a few buttons then send you a copy/paste message claiming they are an "ethical hacker", and could you spare them a bounty please? I will walk through the experience of first receiving one of these emails, discuss the relevant security settings, and then outline one approach for dealing with the subsequent annoyance that arises, making sense of the resulting flood of XML reports from your email providers.


</td><td><h4><b><a href='https://twitter.com/'>Andrew McDonnell</b> - <i>He/Him</i> </a></h4><br/>Andrew is an experienced and entrepreneurial software engineer & security professional. Having spent his teenage years hacking on a Commodore 64 and forging his career developing high performance signal processing code, he later co-founded an agtech mobile app startup. However he is always practice his reverse engineering and embedded skills,  droving the take up of internal pentesting, SAST and other secure development activities as a software engineer. Community contributions include presenting a workshop on Radare2 at LinuxConf. </td></tr><tr><td><h4><b>"MY WHY". How Fraud and Identity Theft led me into Cyber Defence and Operation</b></h4><br>I aim to share two life changing experiences (where a co-worker pulled off a significant financial fraud and being a victim of identity theft) motivated me to relocate to Australia, study Cyber Security and eventually work in Cyber Defence and Operation.

By sharing “My Why” I hope to encourage everyone to find their whys and work towards what inspires them.
</td><td><h4><b><a href='https://twitter.com/Angiekamaru'>Angela Kamaru</b> - <i>She/Her</i> </a></h4><br/>Angela Kamaru is a mother to 1 daughter and wife to 1 husband.  
I am a Cyber Operations Analyst at a mining company in Perth and is responsible for the delivery of security operations services across the organisation to enhance cybersecurity capabilities and control environment. She is also respopnsible in monitoring, detection, incident management, and supporting the uplift of tools and capabilities across cybersecurity in the organisation. 
She enjoys spending quality time with family and friends, dancing and playing basketball   just to mention a few. </td></tr><tr><td><h4><b>Insider Risks - What should we be looking for?</b></h4><br>A history on what Insider Risks are, how they differ from typical business risks and how they have become more prevalent during the Covid-era with less visibility due to working from home and the adopting of the bring your own device model. Will walk through the typical types of Insider risks most business can face - Espionage, IP Theft, sabotage etc and what you should look out for when attempting to identify and remediate these threats.</td><td><h4><b><a href='https://twitter.com/wirebytes'>Beau Faull</b> - <i>He/Him</i> </a></h4><br/>Technical Specialist at Microsoft focusing on Security and Compliance, been in the IT industry for over a decade. I have had multiple different roles from Service Desk support right up to Principal Cloud Security Architect, always wanting to try new things and to keep learning throughout my career, and want to start giving back to the community that has helped me shape my career.</td></tr><tr><td><h4><b>TBC</b></h4><br></td><td><h4><b><a href='https://twitter.com/bec_millwood'>Bec Millwood</b> - <i>She/Her</i> </a></h4><br/>I'm new to the Cyber/IT world :) I've spent most of my career in the mining industry, with a HR & Payroll background. I've developed an interest in technology during the course of my career, and keen to learn new things in this very broad space. I've also spent 2 years living overseas. </td></tr><tr><td><h4><b>Building security workflows using open source tools</b></h4><br>This workshop provides an overview of an automated continuous security workflow built using open source tooling. Attendees of the session will be provided the tools and know-how to effective build security pipelines that are comparable to enterprise offerings. </td><td><h4><b><a href='https://twitter.com/the_chaoticgood'>Ben Gittins</b> - <i>He/Him</i> </a></h4><br/>Ben is the DevSecOps lead for SecureStack as well as a security researcher with a focus on automation.</td></tr><tr><td><h4><b>The Joy of Security: Politics, infighting, and other failure modes for security programs</b></h4><br>Creating organisational change in the cybersecurity industry can be challenging. In some areas of security, you don’t you don’t own the outcome, and success depends on your ability to politically influence areas of the organisation to “do the right thing”.
This talk explores the interpersonal, political, and organisational aspects of a job in the cybersecurity industry, some pitfalls, and how to avoid them.
</td><td><h4><b><a href='https://twitter.com/_benwaters_'>Ben Waters</b> - <i>He/Him</i> </a></h4><br/>Ben Waters is the COO of Cydarm Technologies. 

Prior to Cydarm, Ben has worked as a cybersecurity professional at a number of organisations in the Defence sector and financial services, and was the first employee and investor in Hivint, a cybersecurity startup, which was eventually acquired by Singtel Optus.

Ben has a Bachelor of Business (Business Information Systems) from RMIT University, and is a graduate of the Australian Institute of Company Directors.
</td></tr><tr><td><h4><b>Preventing IIS exploitation through the Windows Kernel</b></h4><br>With IIS exploitation being one of the most common entry points into a network, I go through my experiences of developing a Kernel Driver to prevent IIS exploits, past and present. This will also serve as a quick introduction Windows Kernel development. </td><td><h4><b><a href='https://twitter.com/bmcder02'>Blake McDermott</b> - <i>He/Him</i> </a></h4><br/>Blake is a senior Capability Developer, currently working on detection engineering and scalable defensive measures. With several years experience as a lead Incident Responder, Blake focuses on developing new ways to detect, prevent and mitigate potential compromises on Australian networks. </td></tr><tr><td><h4><b>#!/usr/bin/purl or why learning to knit made me a better Cyber professional</b></h4><br>Cyber is one of those industries where you're constantly expected to be learning new things. And the most common catch-cry? Learn to code! Well, I decided not to do that and I learned to knit (and purl) instead. I'm pretty happy with that choice and I'd like to tell you why.  </td><td><h4><b><a href='https://twitter.com/Intrepidrainbow'>Cairo</b> - <i>She/Her</i> </a></h4><br/>Cairo is a cyber security GRC specialist and amateur knitter, who spends her days leading the GRC programme at Octopus Deploy and living her cottage-core fantasy by knitting, baking, and making jam. She is passionate about providing pragmatic security advice, supporting marginalised people in the Cyber Security industry, and Stardew Valley. She also has a degree in International Relations and a CISSP. </td></tr><tr><td><h4><b>Homing pigeons, teapots and pegs: a beginner's guide to satirical standards, April Fool's Day RFCs</b></h4><br>Have you ever wondered whether you can send IP over Avian Carrier (IPoAC), why your web server returns HTTP status code 418 "I'm a teapot", or how to implement peg-dhcp?

Sitting right alongside the standards that define the fundamental building blocks of computer networking, the internet and cyber security are satirical documents known as April 1 RFCs (Request for Comments).

This guide gives a brief look into the clever, humorous and topical RFCs that exist in the wild, where they come from, how to find them and answer the age old question - why do people keep talking about teapots?</td><td><h4><b><a href='https://twitter.com/canaryZero'>Cam La</b> - <i>She/Her</i> </a></h4><br/>Cam La is a security consultant who enjoys tea, spends way too much time reading, and deconstructs systems in her spare time.

She has spent over 10 years enjoying the view from ladders, cherry pickers, and building rooftops - engineering, designing and deploying sensors, vision and tech in places they really weren't meant to go.

Making the jump to cyber, Cam now works in Forensic Technology across DFIR, investigations, eDiscovery and compliance for Clayton Utz.</td></tr><tr><td><h4><b>Write makes right!</b></h4><br>You write each day. Emails, audits, and code. We focus on delivery, on technical displays, and on challenging problems. While this is great for peers, you will engage with folk from all backgrounds. This is why clear, simple, and brief writing is key for your career.  

For the past year I have been updating OWASP CheatSheets and documentation. Through focus groups I identified that the CheatSheet project was too difficult to comprehend or use. Absorbing this feedback, I have refreshed the XSS Prevention CS and wanted to talk about what I learned during the process.

This talk will cover:

Software Engineer Interviews about OWASP
Defining the writing style guide
Recreating the XSS Prevention CheatSheet
How you can write better yourself</td><td><h4><b><a href='https://twitter.com/'>Cole Cornford</b> - <i>He/Him</i> </a></h4><br/>Director of Galah Cyber > Consultancy for AppSec. We provide training, code review, and advice suited for technology companies and startups.

Prior > DevSecOps engineering for Lendi and Change.org, AppSec Engineer for Westpac, Telstra, and ATO. Software Engineer in prior life.</td></tr><tr><td><h4><b>Control Supply Chain Threats In Your Website</b></h4><br>Modern organisations depend on online transactions. In an ongoing pursuit to improve the digital experience, websites become extremely complex. They typically include content from dozens of third parties used for analytics, advertising, chatbots, payment gates and more. You end up trusting a lot of external parties. With this comes opportunities for attackers to abuse that trust by compromising your digital supply chain and inject malicious code into your website. This allows bad actors to perform attacks such as harvesting credit card information and other sensitive information. This was seen with the Magecart attack campaign which resulted in British Airways receiving hefty fines for that data breach.
 
While every customer will have a different risk depending on their use of third party content, defining the risk and associated controls should be included in every risk assessment.</td><td><h4><b><a href='https://twitter.com/'>David Arthur (darth)</b> - <i>He/Him</i> </a></h4><br/>Based in Brisbane, Australia, David is the regional F5 Security Practice Lead, where he is responsible for the F5 security portfolio across Australia & New Zealand and all industry verticals. David provides thought leadership about global cyber security & industry trends, localised impacts of these trends, challenges to cyber security approaches and assists customers with innovative new techniques to enhance their security posture.

Prior to joining F5, and with over 20 years in the IT industry, David provided unique insights on cyber security, compliance, governance, and solution architecture; from customer, partner, security service provider, and vendor perspectives. 

David holds a bachelor’s degree in Science, Majoring in Computer Science, numerous industry certifications, and is an active participant in several Australian based security communities.</td></tr><tr><td><h4><b>Dancing, not Wrestling: Moving from Compliance to Concordance for Secure Software Developmen</b></h4><br>Secure software development has become an increasingly important
focus for research in recent years, not least because of advances
in technology such as AI, machine learning (AI/ML), robotics, and
autonomous systems (RAS). AI/ML and RAS facilitate automated
decision-making and have the capability to have a significant impact
on society. As such this technology needs to be trustworthy,
and secure software development is a key attribute for trustworthiness.
Software developers frequently have responsibility and
accountability for delivering secure code but limited authority over
how this is achieved. Authority tends to lie with cyber security professionals
who mandate security processes, tools and training often
with limited success. In an effort to find ways to improve secure
software development we take inspiration from healthcare research
that looks at the relationship between compliance, adherence and
concordance. We use this research as a lens through which to analyse
qualitative data from 35 interviews with professional software
developers. We argue that compliance and adherence causes friction
with the social practice of software development. We conclude
that if software developers and cyber security professionals could
move to a point of concordance it could lead to the negotiation of
more realistic cyber security solutions, as well as removing friction
from the practice of software developers and ultimately lead to the
development of more secure and trustworthy systems.</td><td><h4><b><a href='https://twitter.com/@debi_ashenden'>Debi Ashenden</b> - <i>She/Her</i> </a></h4><br/>Debi holds the DST Group-University of Adelaide Chair in Cybersecurity. In addition, she is Professor of Cyber Security at the University of Portsmouth and a visiting Professor at Royal Holloway, University of London.  Debi’s research interests are in the social and behavioural aspects of cybersecurity – particularly in finding ways of ‘patching with people’ as well as technology. She is currently researching transdisciplinary approaches to modelling complex warfighting, how to fuse behavioural science with cyber deception, and the socio-technical aspects of designing complex military systems.  

Debi was previously Head of the Centre for Cyber Security at Cranfield University at the Defence Academy of the UK and was a member of the UK MOD’s Defence Science Expert Committee.  She has worked extensively across the public and private sector for organisations such as UK MOD, GCHQ, Cabinet Office, Home Office, Euroclear, Prudential, Barclaycard, Reuters and Close Bros. She has had a number of articles on cyber security published, presented at a range of conferences and co-authored a book for Butterworth Heinemann, Risk Management for Computer Security: Protecting Your Network & Information Assets.
</td></tr><tr><td><h4><b>Quantum computing! What is it good for?</b></h4><br>Quantum computers have become a huge buzzword in the last few years, with startups and big tech firms alike promising fantastical outcomes left, right, and centre. In this talk, Eleanor will use their lapsed physics degree to cut through the bullsh*t. They will explain the basics of how quantum computers work, plus what they can and can't bring to the world of infosec. Good to know beforehand: the basics of how digital computers work, and a bit of familiarity with cryptographic concepts like digital signatures and public/private key encryption.</td><td><h4><b><a href='https://twitter.com/zornsllama'>Eleanor McMurtry</b> - <i>They/Them</i> </a></h4><br/>Eleanor is an Aussie living in Switzerland doing their PhD in theoretical cryptography. A lifelong interest in programming and later infosec, Eleanor is a mathematician at heart and does their best to make maths approachable and friendly to the general public. They completed their Master's at the University of Melbourne in 2020, and they are technically a published author (do conference proceedings count?). They enjoy science of all kinds and live with two very fluffy cats.</td></tr><tr><td><h4><b>Survival Guide: Remote Work Edition</b></h4><br>With the rapid move to online or digital spaces due to the pandemic and lockdowns, a lot of organisations and teams found themselves rapidly adopting remote work. As many organisations rapidly transition to the new remote normal, some did so better than others. As remote fundamentally changes interpersonal dynamics of work, it is important to learn to identify the good from the bad early on, as bad situations can often quickly snowball. Here are anonymised real stories, lessons and strategies learned to identify, and manage the situation, in the hope that from these experiences we create a healthier and better remote-work experience for the infosec community.</td><td>
<a href='https://twitter.com/KatnissMelb'><b>KatnissMelb</b> - <i>She/Her</i></a> & <a href='https://twitter.com/hoodiePony'><b>HoodiePony</b> - <i>They/Them</i></a><br/><br/>hoodiePony is your friendly local Security Architect & Pentester and is quite involved with the local infosec community, while KatnissMelb is your blue teamer with a purple team mindset who volunteers for a bunch of community stuff. Pre-COVID, they first met face-to-face at various community events & found out that they both hang out online in different community chats. Both are passionate advocates of sharing stuff they learned with others and by doing this talk together, they would like to help others to not just survive working in the cyber security industry but to also thrive. </td></tr><tr><td><h4><b>Covert communication channels using Lora</b></h4><br>Imagine Command and Control traffic was entirely out of band. I'm not talking about hiding c2 comms but an even scarier scenario. Imagine malware using long range and low power radio links to communicate with attackers or attacks on management interfaces using these long range links.

In this talk I will take you along for an interesting ride as I share my explorations of this topic and how attacks could leverage this in the future!</td><td><h4><b><a href='https://twitter.com/threatbear_co'>Hilton De Meillon</b> - <i>He/Him</i> </a></h4><br/>Follower of Jesus, Security guy</td></tr><tr><td><h4><b>How to create a Cybersecurity Education and Awareness Program to change behaviour</b></h4><br>Learning Outcomes 
• Who is responsible for cybersecurity 
• Program Planning and Preparation 
• Executive Buy-In 
• Engaging the people 
• Program Launch and next steps </td><td><h4><b><a href='https://twitter.com/jakkijayne'>Jacqueline Jayne (JJ)</b> - <i>She/Her</i> </a></h4><br/>Jacqueline Jayne (JJ) currently serves as Security Awareness Advocate for the APAC region for KnowBe4, the provider of the world’s largest security awareness and simulated phishing platform. 

With 25+ years’ experience as a conduit between people and technology, she has mastered the art of communication and influence. Previously, JJ led a successful cybersecurity education and awareness program that changed behaviour and created a security culture. 

Her insights on the human condition and how to engage at all levels in this space are invaluable. JJ is not your usual presenter and you will enjoy her energy and ability to create links with people and technology. </td></tr><tr><td><h4><b>Human Factor Engineering in the SDLC</b></h4><br>How can you develop systems fit for purpose if you don't have requirements from users? 
Human Factor Engineering - Take into consideration those cognitive, physical, sensory and team dynamic
actions. In the R&D space, having a clear understanding of how users will interact with systems, and its actual mission can aid successful development. </td><td><h4><b><a href='https://twitter.com/'>Lissette</b> - <i>She/Her</i> </a></h4><br/>I hold a MSysEng, MBA and GradDipOM (Organisational Management) qualifications. Also, I’m an INCOSE Certified Associate Systems Engineer Professional. I have 12+ years’ of experience with the development, architecture, integration and testing of systems and platforms within the Information Communication Technology for both Government Agencies and Private Industries. My former experience was a highly qualified Business Systems Analyst with extensive experience working in different ICT projects both overseas and locally.  Most of my background includes the analysis, management and traceability of systems requirements and the application of ISO/IEC 12207 (Systems & Software Lifecycle Processes). I have experience working with the Systems Engineering Body of Knowledge (SEBoK) methodology and applicability of the INCOSE SE handbook principles. Currently leading engineering documentation management and accountable to produce different product and project artefacts within the system development lifecycle.</td></tr><tr><td><h4><b>Data First Security</b></h4><br>In order to combat threats, is it time to shift our focus from the perimeter to our data. The Number 1 problem in the world for everyone is Ransomware. If we are going to have more success to limiting the impact of attacks/breaches surely having more knowledge from the inside out is key.</td><td><h4><b><a href='https://twitter.com/'>Maria Papas</b> - <i>She/Her</i> </a></h4><br/>Sales Director - Varonis A/NZ ( Data Security )</td></tr><tr><td><h4><b>The Birth of the Surveillance State in Artefacts</b></h4><br>Drawing on an extensive collection of espionage artefacts Mike Pritchard will explain the mindset, structure and technical capability of the East German Stasi intelligence service in building the world's first pervasive Surveillance State.

While the gadgets are undeniably retro-cool this talk is intended to be a little uncomfortable - as an industry we should be asking questions about the moral implications of technology that we develop and deploy.
</td><td><h4><b><a href='https://twitter.com/'>Mike Pritchard</b> - <i>He/Him</i> </a></h4><br/>10+ yrs in Cyber Security, a lifetime in nerdy collecting, and the sand is running out fast</td></tr><tr><td><h4><b>Communicating Cyber - Simple Tips You Can Implement to Level up your Influence</b></h4><br> 
Based on my experience as cybersecurity marketing professional, this session will present real world tips and tricks to help cyber security professionals achieve optimum outcomes through better communication. Today's cybersecurity professionals need to effectively communicate  highly complex, and often technical security concepts and solutions to a broad and uninformed audience, through multiple mediums.  

Whether its obtaining  leadership buy-in for expanded security programs, communicating security strategies and solutions to customers and buyers, or motivating internal teams to adopt better security practices - this session will provide real world examples of what examples and hacks to help them elevate their communication skills. 
</td><td><h4><b><a href='https://twitter.com/NainaDG'>Naina Dasgupta</b> - <i>She/Her</i> </a></h4><br/>A recent participant in the 2021 cohort of Project Friedman program run by ASD to encourage women to have a greater voice in cybersecurity conferences I am a passionate about the importance of communication as a part of a holistic cybersecurity strategy. Currently, I am the Cybersecurity Segment Marketing Manager for rhipe, a Crayon company where I manage the marketing messaging and strategy for 15 plus global vendors across the IT channel in ANZ and APAC. In previous roles I have worked with cybersecurity vendors of all sizes from start ups and scale ups through to large enterprise level organisations to help them build the value of their brand across ANZ and APAC. Working in multiple roles across nearly 10 years, I have worked in various communications roles - sales, digital campaign manager, social media specialist, webinar host, etc. </td></tr><tr><td><h4><b>Pentesting - The first 6 months</b></h4><br>I changed careers to Pentesting in July 2021 and would like to share my thoughts on the first 6 months of pentesting. Including skills that are worth focusing on, things to look for in a company for your first role and exams worth taking. </td><td><h4><b><a href='https://twitter.com/nathanjarvie'>Nathan Jarvie (Kinryu)</b> - <i>He/Him</i> </a></h4><br/>Parent, Husband, IT Professional, Dancer, Snowboarder

After a 9 year career as a network and systems administrator I have made the transition to penetration testing and am loving every second of it. </td></tr><tr><td><h4><b>Defence against the Dark Arts: Learning the difference between a Security Strategy and a Plan</b></h4><br>Clear Cyber Security Strategies and Plans are critical to the success of any security program. Despite this, it is common for organisations and sub teams to interchange Strategies with Plans. The approaches, requirements and benefits of these frameworks differ considerably, and misinterpretation of the strengths and weaknesses can prevent us from harnessing their full potential.
Through the analogy of Harry Potter, this talk will educate the audience on:
•	Order of the Phoenix: What is a strategy and when is it needed?
•	Horcrux Hunt: What is a plan and when is it needed?
•	Hogwarts School of Cyber-craft and Strategy: How to write a plan and create a strategy.
</td><td><h4><b><a href='https://twitter.com/'>Sarah Iannantuono</b> - <i>She/Her</i> </a></h4><br/>Sarah Iannantuono is a Cyber Security Strategy and Influence leader, with a background that sits at the intersections of Data Protection, Cyber Strategy and Security Culture. Sarah has led a Data Protection Office of a 10,000 + staff company, built security awareness programs, and has been the voice of security within her organisation. While Sarah's passion lies in cyber security strategy and education, she is also a self-professed pop culture & coffee nerd.</td></tr><tr><td><h4><b>Scanning millions of domains and compromising the email supply chain of Australia's most respected institutions</b></h4><br>Abstract:
Curious to find out what happens when you perform OSINT at-scale? In this talk we'll discuss how the migration of email infrastructure from private to public cloud environments has significantly elevated the risks associated to IP takeover attacks.
We'll then discuss how a seemingly innocuous scan of 1.8 Million Australian domains resulted in the email supply chain of 264 Australian organisations being compromised.

Detailed Presentation Outline:
1. Introduction
Discuss what phishing is, how it has evolved and how an overlooked technique can be exploited to tip the table in favor of attackers. We'll talk about how email sender authentication is performed, how public cloud environments are ephemeral in nature and how trusted but unused IP addresses can be taken by threat actors with malicious intent.
2. Scanning millions of domains
Discuss the methods used to collate a target list that includes millions of domains. Then deep dive into what's involved in extracting the full IP supply chain of an SPF record and the infrastructure necessary to scan millions of targets.
3. Trawling available AWS IPs
Deep dive into IP takeover attacks on AWS' platform. Discuss what's involved in cycling through tens of thousands of IP addresses and how a persistent threat actor could continuously cycle through every available IP across all AWS regions – which encompasses tens of millions of IPs. 
4. Sifting through the results
Discuss the process for cross referencing scanned AWS IPs against a repository of known SPF IPs and how a limited scan I performed (i.e. focusing on Australian domains, only scanning AWS IPs and only scanning 0.1% of the AWS EC2 IP Address space) resulted in compromised email supply chains for some of Australia's most respected institutions (i.e. Australian Parliament House, University of Sydney, and 262 more organisations). 
5. What's the impact?
Discuss how each of the affected organisations and their downstream customers are significantly more susceptible to business email compromise and phishing-related attacks. Anyone with a credit card can sign-up for an AWS account, cycle through EC2 instances until they get a desirable IP, request AWS to remove any SMTP restrictions and begin sending SPF authenticated emails as though they are any of these organisations.
6. Wrapping up
The outcome of this talk is to showcase how discovery and exploitation of this vulnerability can be automated and can yield high impact results – emphasizing that I've only scanned organisations in Australia, only covered 0.1% of potential AWS IP addresses and haven't looked at any other major cloud computing provider (e.g. Azure & Google Cloud), meaning there are likely thousands more vulnerable to this attack.

This talk will be based off a blog I published in early January 2022 - https://caniphish.com/phishing-resources/blog/compromising-australian-supply-chains-at-scale</td><td><h4><b><a href='https://twitter.com/sebsalla'>Sebastian Salla</b> - <i>He/Him</i> </a></h4><br/>I'm a Security Professional who loves all things related to Cloud and Email Security. During business hours I'm often working on defensive tools, after-hours is a different story...</td></tr><tr><td><h4><b>Career Transition: A Give and Take Love Story</b></h4><br>A very quick, to the point presentation about those looking to career transition into cyber security - what those entering the industry need from other security professionals, and what the security industry needs from them.</td><td><h4><b><a href='https://twitter.com/carabettasimon'>Simon Carabetta</b> - <i>He/Him</i> </a></h4><br/>Former, embattled high school teacher with nearly 13 years serving in the trenches of WA's public education system, Simon made the switch into the cyber security realm in 2019 with a focus on wanting to raise better awareness and create the impossible patch for the vulnerability that is human stupidity. In his spare time he is a self-confessed gym junkie, so don't ask him about that because he'll bore you to death talking about meal plans, HIIT routines, and the importance of leg day.</td></tr><tr><td><h4><b>How Do You Solve a (Cyber) Problem Like Small Business?</b></h4><br>(Title Lyric Reference: The Sound of Music – “Maria”)

As a newly minted small business owner, having quit an IT career, I found it unbelievably hard to apply the security principles from my work, to my own business.  In this talk, I want to share some of the cyber-security challenges and opportunities that small business owners, like myself, face. My talk will draw from both my own experiences as a small business owner as well as the research done during my PhD.  I will explore some of the reasons cyber-security is harder for small business, before concluding with opportunities for technical and research communities to pitch in.
 
The talk will first cover the important, and often invisible, role that small business plays in Australian society and economy.  There is a human context to what a small business means to its owners.
 
Cyber-security challenges are not limited to technical reasons; some challenges derive from the fundamental characteristics of small businesses.
 
So, is it all bad news? No, there are opportunities for the community to help, 2 of which I will briefly explore:
•        Open source community – Harness the talent within the open source community to address fundamental resource limitations that exist for small businesses.
•        Better tooling – A pilot survey is currently underway that aims to better understand the use of IT by small businesses, (with details on how to participate) which can facilitate better solutions.
(Note: Some of these information draws from my published academic articles and talk I gave at AISA Cybercon in November 2021. Further details available upon request.)
</td><td><h4><b><a href='https://twitter.com/'>Tracy Tam</b> - <i>She/Her</i> </a></h4><br/>After graduating with an engineering degree, I worked for a decade as an engineer within the IT industry. After leaving to start my own small business, I experienced first-hand the cyber-security challenges between technology & human. Winning at AustCyber's Defence Industry Cyber Challenge led me on a journey to make cyber-security approachable for small businesses. Investigating small business cyber-security is my research focus as a doctoral candidate at RMIT University. </td></tr><tr><td><h4><b>Tips to alleviate your ISO27001 certification journey</b></h4><br>Certification is a journey and there are lots of to-dos and not-to-dos along the way, irrespective of the cybersecurity maturity of an organisation. It also requires a lot of resources and financial investments and thus it's important to get right.
As someone who dedicates her time to helping organisations implement ISO27001, Vanessa will share the ins and outs of how to best implement and maintain certification for ISO27001, in order to get the best ROI, regardless of where you're at on the certification journey</td><td><h4><b><a href='https://twitter.com/'>Vanessa Sunassee</b> - <i>She/Her</i> </a></h4><br/>I'm currently the Cybersecurity, Risk & Compliance Lead at Aiculus. I help protect all the critical assets of the business, the technology, hardware, software, people and data. i've worked within the banking sector for 15 years before transitioning to cybersecurity. I've worked on practical implementation of ISO27001 which has helped my organisation and other companies I provide consultancy services, to be certified.</td></tr></tbody></table>
